Hey- everyone is taking orders 8 is youtube facebook
Thank you for watching etc.
Yes The board which is doing well to introduce today
Mystery country salt soup blew flying surface
The power 25th of ramen
I can not get up to 24 levels but yes
Put the hot water but I was is better here hey this is a 5-minute that Well not a 5 minutes
It's because it's thick noodles.
Put in
And a picture
After the gunpowder has been included in the sound in advance, this part is here and then
It's a station, but I'd like to put this in the first place, let's have a powder and let's go
Became straight
Well easy economy maybe
Why
Simply bought
It's a great dad and dad
This is the most
This is the place to fail to place in this failure
Yes
It is normal
It is certainly thick noodle
Let's do various things
I do not mix chronic
Yes it is was not entered this muscle strength
Seven-Eleven is a 3 Hey place
Sold at last level and the roots go Nante now I bought before 200 John It Is not one month
I do not know if
Yes
I say each men
I would like to have you say that it is a soup first of all
I will say that soon
Yup
The
For example That's the case
Please wear mythos, the number of red pig, The key is also good
I want baked tree sounds thin noodles
How about thick noodles ?
Follow
Yup
I want to eat a whole lot of rice already 1
It's because I think I'm eating it when I said it
Basically, people who are easy to eat
Before 0 b Come on Democrat Kusano
It is like that crunchy chicken, and there is some regeneration or post natto that country
It is a short card to put
I hope it is easy to eat
Eating good Gatsui really there is a sense of that volume
Is not a good suddenly eyes enjoy the feeling of eating
Ne
What
Unable to take hot food's why
I 'm going to cut my way along the way , right?
Nagami a Awo is Lee and the minced fish manner
Tsukikin pretty much anymore about it
In other words, you will get something
Unreasonable position
I got it
Yes yeah yeah
I think yeah
It's ok so thank you for that
Venus mountain of Britain salt influence we purchased in the dorsal fin field of Myojozan I we introduce
It was soup and heavy noodles
i see her
me